send cute
Dare to call Sister Meng by her name
Sister Meng, look at him, he doesn't take you seriously at all
Song is the proprietress of this Paramount
Oh, dear.
How much trouble did you cause last night?
You don't know Young Master An's fiancee
Is it the first thousand gold in our sea city?
Just dare to seduce Master An
The little sparrow dares to fly up the branches
Say Phoenix doesn't last a year
Miss's perfume smells so special
Of course, you only have the wind of envy
Yeah, I'm so envious!
It smells exactly the same as Miss Shu Xin
Is it the Christmas potion for American durian toilet water?
I guess you have a relationship with Miss Shu Xin
Could it be that you asked Miss Shu Xin to tip off the news?
You are causing trouble for Sister Meng like this.
Eat inside and outside
shut up
Don't ask for the stage reward for 7 days after you in a row.
This is not an example.
Pull back, you are not qualified to appear on stage yet, right?
It's not that Sister Meng doesn't give you a chance
President Yang, you have to serve him well tonight
Then follow the script
Do you remember Lanxin?
After he came out of President Yang's room
He became insane.
Confrontation
This time he is miserable